hi everyone here is the review of
new iphone 5
then we have a retina screen with
a diagonal of 4 inches and we have
1136 x 640 pixels
the thickness is only 7.6 mm and the weight is
of only 112 grams materials on the back
they are aluminum and glass
now the iphone 5 supports lte networks
which unfortunately are not yet present
in Italy but according to some operators
they won't be short, the battery has one
duration of about 8 hours so it is excellent e
now let's move on to the camera camera
8 megapixel video that records video in hd
at 1080p
then we have the front camera from
1.3 megapixel video recording hd a
720p
let's see some photos I took
first how can we see the colors are
excellent and even if zummo the image does not
shells
here is a photo with panorama function
and now we see a short video
now we see the front camera
this is a picture and then we see it a
short video of the front camera in
hd at 720p
we have rear autofocus camera
led flash and face detection
video stabilization and mode
panorama
so regarding the camera
iphone 5 is really great now we pass
the navigation on Internet
we look for a site such as free
call and now let's go to the version
desktop and see how long it loads
as we can see it was really
very fast now let's see if it's fluid yes
we are also the zoom mode is a
full screen
therefore also with regard to the league
but internet surfing on iphone 5 is
great now let's move on to the music and
we see
the volume the quality of the device
then we hear this song on the volume
maximum
at that time the volume is quite high
and maintains an excellent quality now
we also find the new airpod headphones
with which it feels really good and have
even the excellent bass we have now
example a game unfortunately are not there
still many optimized for no
4-inch display
we try bad pd we are against the Hon
we can't see really fluid e
also very fast then I can say that
apple really did a great job
with this iphone 5 that holds up very well
comparison with new smartphones
thank you all if you enjoyed the video
and sign up for the channel and follow me up
facebook and on twitter find the link
in the description